was Rachel she and BB took the stripper
to the hospital
did you know Chandler kissed Rachel what
when was this
1987 the weekend you guys visited me at
school oh my god that's wild but it was
like a million years ago so it doesn't
matter what it matters to me why because
the night you kissed Rachel was the
night I kissed Rachel for the very first
time you kissed her that night too
two guys in one night oh I thought she
became a after if she got a nose
fix seriously where did this happen okay
after you told me she was passed out in
our room I went in there to make sure
she was all right she was lying on my
bed are all buried in people's coats
well I went to kiss on the forehead you
know but it was so dark I accidentally
got her licked I started to pull away
but then I felt her start to kiss me
back it was only for a second but it was
amazing and now now I find out that you
kissed her first wait what bed did you
say she was a mine I'm pretty sure I put
her on my bed no she was definitely on
my bed why would I kiss a girl and then
put her on your bed well then who was on
my bed
you were under the pile of coats I was
the pile of coats
oh my god my misery kisser you were my
first kiss with Rachel
what did I marry into